docs(l2): add integration tests section (#5126)
lambdaclass/ethrex: docs/developers/l2/integration-tests.md

Reviewer: Running the whole workflow gives me an error about the final balance of the base fee vault being 0. Requesting the current base fee vault address to the L2 node returns `null`, so I suspect the base fee vault is somehow being set to `None`.

# Running integration tests

In this section, we will explain how to run integration tests for ethrex L2 with the objective of validating the correct functioning of our stack in our releases. For this, we will use ethrex as a local L2 dev node.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: This should mention docker is required. I just ran everything without starting docker and it wasn't clear what was failing 🤡

- This guide assumes that you have ethrex L2 installed. If you haven't done so, follow one of the installation methods in the [installation guide](https://docs.ethrex.xyz/getting-started/installation/).
- For running the tests, you'll need a fresh clone of [ethrex](https://github.com/lambdaclass/ethrex/).

## Setting up the environment

Our integration tests assume that there is an ethrex L1 node, an ethrex L2 node, and an ethrex L2 prover up and running. So before running them, we need to start the nodes.

### Running ethrex L2 dev node

For this, we are using the `ethrex l2 --dev` command, which does this job for us. In one console, run the following:

```
ethrex l2 --dev \
--committer.commit-time 150000 \
--block-producer.block-time 1000
```

> [!NOTE]
> ethrex's MPT implementation is path-based, and the database commit threshold is set to `128`. In simple words, the latter implies that the database only stores the state 128 blocks before the current one (e.g., if the current block is block 256, then the database stores the state at block 128), while the state of the blocks within lives in in-memory diff layers (which are lost during node shutdowns).

> > In ethrex L2, this has a direct impact since if our sequencer seals batches with more than 128 blocks, it won't be able to retrieve the state previous to the first block of the batch being sealed because it was pruned; therefore, it won't be able to commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In ethrex L2, this has a direct impact since if our sequencer seals batches with more than 128 blocks, it won't be able to retrieve the state previous to the first block of the batch being sealed because it was pruned; therefore, it won't be able to create new batches to send to L1.
```
